<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC '-//W3C//DTD XHTML+RDFa 1.0//EN' 'http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/DTD/xhtml-rdfa-1.dtd'>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml;charset=utf-8" />
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Script-Type" content="text/javascript" />
        <meta name='description' content='A standalone program and associated library supporting bulk file and directory name normalization.' />
        <link href='/~calvins/styles/main.css' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' />
        <title>Denominate</title>
    </head>

    <body>
        <div>
            <div><a id='top'></a></div>
            <h1>Denominate</h1>
            <div id="crumbs">
                <p><a href='/~calvins/' title="Calvin’s Home">Home</a> » <a href='/~calvins/code/' title='Code'>Code</a> » <a href='' title='Denominate'>denominate</a></p>
            </div>
            <p>Denominate is a simple program and an associated library supporting bulk file and directory name normalization. If you’ve ever spent a long time changing filenames to get rid of whitespace or convert periods and underscores to hyphens, you know why it exists.</p>
            <p>Denominate makes it very easy to normalize the names using a default scheme, and the associated library exposes enough reusable functionality that you can easily define your own custom renaming schemes. Additionally, it provides some useful generic functions related to file and directory walking and renaming.</p>
            <p>There is Haddock API documentation <a href="doc/System-Denominate.html">available here</a>. A stable version is available as a source tarball: <a href="denominate-0.5.0.tar.gz">version 0.5.0</a>. And the latest and greatest is in the <a href='http://darcs.net/'>Darcs</a> repository, which you can get by pointing Darcs at the URL of this page. Patches, requests, and suggestions are welcome.</p>

            <h3>Example</h3>
            <p>An example is worth a thousand words, so here is a quick example:</p>
            <pre class='howto-code'>
calvin@gould /tmp $ find DOCUMENTS -type f
DOCUMENTS/Notes/Haskell CheatSheet___1.pdf
DOCUMENTS/Notes/Cabal Notes^^^from_luigi.pdf
DOCUMENTS/Notes/How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Monads.pdf
DOCUMENTS/papers--to-read/__When_Is_a_Function_a_Fold_or_an_unfold.pdf
calvin@gould /tmp $ denominate DOCUMENTS
calvin@gould /tmp $ find DOCUMENTS -type f
DOCUMENTS/papers-to-read/when-is-a-function-a-fold-or-an-unfold.pdf
DOCUMENTS/notes/haskell-cheatsheet-1.pdf
DOCUMENTS/notes/cabal-notes-from-luigi.pdf
DOCUMENTS/notes/how-i-learned-to-stop-worrying-and-love-monads.pdf
calvin@gould /tmp $ 
</pre>
            <p>Note that the root directory itself is unchanged, which is always the case.</p>
            <h3>History</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>Dec. 07, 2008: version 0.5.0; updates required to compile with GHC 6.10 and still work with 6.6 and 6.8 (requires ghc-pkg installed for running tests).</li>
                <li>Aug. 15, 2008: version 0.4.2; updated tests to use QuickCheck2 (no longer works with QuickCheck1), fixed some compiler warnings, added README.txt</li>
                <li>Nov. 07, 2007: version 0.4.1; changed exposed module from Denominate to System.Denominate</li>
                <li>Nov. 07, 2007: version 0.4; includes support for GHC 6.8 (in addition to 6.6), requires Cabal &gt;= 1.2</li>
                <li>Oct. 12, 2007: version 0.3; adds quickcheck tests to test corner cases</li>
                <li>Oct. 11, 2007: version 0.2; fixes a directory renaming problem</li>
                <li>Sep. 29, 2007: version 0.1; initial release</li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <p class='isvalid'>This site is valid <a href='http://validator.w3.org/check?uri=referer' title='Validate XHTML'>XHTML+RDFa</a>, <a href='http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer' title='Validate CSS'>CSS</a>.</p>
        <script src='http://www.google-analytics.com/ga.js' type='text/javascript'></script>
        <script type="text/javascript">
            var pageTracker = _gat._getTracker("UA-4037560-6");
            pageTracker._initData();
            pageTracker._trackPageview();
        </script>
    </body>

</html>

